cmds/usr/mudlist.c line 66: parse error
cmds/usr/mudlist.c line 71: Illegal LHS
cmds/usr/mudlist.c line 74: parse error
cmds/usr/mudlist.c line 78: Illegal LHS
cmds/usr/mudlist.c line 78: parse error
cmds/usr/mudlist.c line 84: Illegal LHS
cmds/usr/mudlist.c line 66: parse error
cmds/usr/mudlist.c line 71: Illegal LHS
cmds/usr/mudlist.c line 74: parse error
cmds/usr/mudlist.c line 78: Illegal LHS
cmds/usr/mudlist.c line 78: parse error
cmds/usr/mudlist.c line 84: Illegal LHS
cmds/usr/mudlist.c line 66: parse error
cmds/usr/mudlist.c line 71: Illegal LHS
cmds/usr/mudlist.c line 74: parse error
cmds/usr/mudlist.c line 78: Illegal LHS
cmds/usr/mudlist.c line 78: parse error
cmds/usr/mudlist.c line 84: Illegal LHS
cmds/wiz/update.c line 68: parse error
cmds/wiz/update.c line 72: Illegal LHS
cmds/wiz/update.c line 72: parse error
cmds/wiz/update.c line 83: Illegal LHS
cmds/wiz/update.c line 83: parse error
cmds/wiz/update.c line 90: Illegal LHS
cmds/wiz/update.c line 68: parse error
cmds/wiz/update.c line 72: Illegal LHS
cmds/wiz/update.c line 72: parse error
cmds/wiz/update.c line 83: Illegal LHS
cmds/wiz/update.c line 83: parse error
cmds/wiz/update.c line 90: Illegal LHS
cmds/wiz/update.c line 68: parse error
cmds/wiz/update.c line 72: Illegal LHS
cmds/wiz/update.c line 72: parse error
cmds/wiz/update.c line 83: Illegal LHS
cmds/wiz/update.c line 83: parse error
cmds/wiz/update.c line 90: Illegal LHS
cmds/wiz/update.c line 68: parse error
cmds/wiz/update.c line 72: Illegal LHS
cmds/wiz/update.c line 72: parse error
cmds/wiz/update.c line 83: Illegal LHS
cmds/wiz/update.c line 83: parse error
cmds/wiz/update.c line 90: Illegal LHS
cmds/wiz/update.c line 68: parse error
cmds/wiz/update.c line 72: Illegal LHS
cmds/wiz/update.c line 72: parse error
cmds/wiz/update.c line 83: Illegal LHS
cmds/wiz/update.c line 83: parse error
cmds/wiz/update.c line 90: Illegal LHS
cmds/wiz/update.c line 68: parse error
cmds/wiz/update.c line 72: Illegal LHS
cmds/wiz/update.c line 72: parse error
cmds/wiz/update.c line 83: Illegal LHS
cmds/wiz/update.c line 83: parse error
cmds/wiz/update.c line 90: Illegal LHS
cmds/wiz/update.c line 68: parse error
cmds/wiz/update.c line 72: Illegal LHS
cmds/wiz/update.c line 72: parse error
cmds/wiz/update.c line 83: Illegal LHS
cmds/wiz/update.c line 83: parse error
cmds/wiz/update.c line 90: Illegal LHS
cmds/wiz/update.c line 68: parse error
cmds/wiz/update.c line 72: Illegal LHS
cmds/wiz/update.c line 72: parse error
cmds/wiz/update.c line 83: Illegal LHS
cmds/wiz/update.c line 83: parse error
cmds/wiz/update.c line 90: Illegal LHS
cmds/wiz/update.c line 68: parse error
cmds/wiz/update.c line 72: Illegal LHS
cmds/wiz/update.c line 72: parse error
cmds/wiz/update.c line 83: Illegal LHS
cmds/wiz/update.c line 83: parse error
cmds/wiz/update.c line 90: Illegal LHS
cmds/wiz/update.c line 68: parse error
cmds/wiz/update.c line 72: Illegal LHS
cmds/wiz/update.c line 72: parse error
cmds/wiz/update.c line 83: Illegal LHS
cmds/wiz/update.c line 83: parse error
cmds/wiz/update.c line 90: Illegal LHS
cmds/wiz/update.c line 68: parse error
cmds/wiz/update.c line 72: Illegal LHS
cmds/wiz/update.c line 72: parse error
cmds/wiz/update.c line 83: Illegal LHS
cmds/wiz/update.c line 83: parse error
cmds/wiz/update.c line 90: Illegal LHS
cmds/wiz/update.c line 68: parse error
cmds/wiz/update.c line 72: Illegal LHS
cmds/wiz/update.c line 72: parse error
cmds/wiz/update.c line 83: Illegal LHS
cmds/wiz/update.c line 83: parse error
cmds/wiz/update.c line 90: Illegal LHS
